Add option to suppress adapter feature support log (#13842)
withastro/astro: .changeset/dull-beers-move.md

---
"astro": minor
---

> Adds an option to suppress warning/errors in adapters' `supportedAstroFeatures`. This is useful when either an warning/error isn't applicable in a specific context or the default one might conflict and confuse users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds an option for integration authors to suppress adapter warning/errors in `supportedAstroFeatures`. This is useful when either an warning/error isn't applicable in a specific context or the default one might conflict and confuse users. 
```
I think it's important here to explicitly say that the option is for integration authors, not a user config option to suppress warnings they see in their project because they get annoyed. 😄 

Also, @yanthomasdev , check that I didn't change the nuance, but I think the word order above might be a bit easier to scan.

To do so, you can add `suppress: "all"` (to suppress both the default and custom message) or `suppress: "default"` (to only suppress the default one):
```ts
setAdapter({
  name: 'my-astro-integration',
  supportedAstroFeatures: {
    staticOutput: "stable",
    hybridOutput: "stable",
    sharpImageService: {

>       support: 'limited',
>       message: 'The sharp image service isn't available in the deploy environment, but will be used by prerendered pages on build.',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      support: "limited",
      message: "The sharp image service isn't available in the deploy environment, but will be used by prerendered pages on build.",
```
